QC/LALO/README.md, before:

# AndrewSushi's comprehensive queen charge lalo (QC LALO) guide

This is my comprehensive guide on queen charge lalo specifically for town halls 15 and 16. 

First off I would like to note that this is not and end all be all guide, this is meant to teach the basics up until the advanced of the strategy. I would also like to preface that I am not a pro or anywhere near it, but I have had a lot of success in legends league and CWL so I thought I'd like to share my thoughts. This guide will go through all aspects that comprise the attack strategy and will be sectioned for ease of understanding.

## Sections

### Beginner
1. Why this attack works and the brief overview. 
2. Main objectives of the attack
3. How to plan the attack
4. Timing

### Intermediate
1. Queen charge
2. Funneling
3. Pathing
4. Siege machines/Clan castle
5. Lalo deployment

### Advanced
1. Army specifics
2. Advanced lalo positioning
3. Hero abilities
4. Variations

## Beginner

1. Why this attack works and the brief overview

QC LALO is an attack strategy that simply put, has the queen charge into the base with healers and uses lava hounds and balloons to take out the rest of the base. This attack works because the queen charge is a very strong method that can allow you to take down a huge portion of the base with very little troop cost. The only issue is that it takes a while to go through the base which is why you need a quick method to take out the rest of the base. That's where LALO comes in. The lava hounds are used to tank for the balloons and set off traps, while the loons fly through and destroy the remaining defences. 

2. Main objectives of the attack

The main objectives of the attack can be broken down to specific parts of the attack. 

Queen Charge:
The most important thing by far for the queen charge is to set the appropriate pathing for the lalo to come in and take down the rest of the base. On top of that, she also needs to take down key defences such as the clan castle, town hall, monolith, multi target infernos, and scatter shots. Those defences are important because they are able to quickly take down the lalo if left standing. These are the basics and I will go into further detail later on. 

Lalo:
Take down the remaining defences. 

As you can tell with this, the queen does most of the work. That's because the queen charge is the most important part of the attack. If your queen goes down too early or goes the wrong way, it will be significantly more difficult to get the 3 star.

3. How to plan the attack

When planning the attack, you want to take a look at where you can send in your queen and what value will she get. Now the most important thing to remember, is that queen charging is stronger on certain bases and weaker on others. For example, ring bases and anti 2 star bases are very tough to queen charge. This is because the town hall is central, the important defences and surrounding the town hall, and most importantly, it's harder to bring the queen on the inside because of the base's natural tendency to walk around the core.

Commit message:

Added the queen charge and finished the beginner section

QC/LALO/README.md, after:

# AndrewSushi's comprehensive queen charge lalo (QC LALO) guide

This is my comprehensive guide on queen charge lalo specifically for town halls 15 and 16. 

First off I would like to note that this is not and end all be all guide, this is meant to teach the basics up until the advanced of the strategy. I would also like to preface that I am not a pro or anywhere near it, but I have had a lot of success in legends league and CWL so I thought I'd like to share my thoughts. This guide will go through all aspects that comprise the attack strategy and will be sectioned for ease of understanding.

## Sections

### Beginner
1. Why this attack works and the brief overview. 
2. Main objectives of the attack
3. How to plan the attack
4. Timing

### Intermediate
1. Queen charge
2. Funneling
3. Pathing
4. Siege machines/Clan castle
5. Lalo deployment

### Advanced
1. Army specifics
2. Advanced lalo positioning
3. Hero abilities
4. Variations

## Beginner

The beginner section is designed to give you a brief overview on key points, ideas, and tactics. Many ideas mentioned will be further elaborated in lower sections, but this is a good place to see what the key points are.

1. Why this attack works and the brief overview

QC LALO is an attack strategy that simply put, has the queen charge into the base with healers and uses lava hounds and balloons to take out the rest of the base. This attack works because the queen charge is a very strong method that can allow you to take down a huge portion of the base with very little troop cost. The only issue is that it takes a while to go through the base which is why you need a quick method to take out the rest of the base. That's where LALO comes in. The lava hounds are used to tank for the balloons and set off traps, while the loons fly through and destroy the remaining defences. 

2. Main objectives of the attack

The main objectives of the attack can be broken down to specific parts of the attack. 

Queen Charge:
The most important thing by far for the queen charge is to set the appropriate pathing for the lalo to come in and take down the rest of the base. On top of that, she also needs to take down key defences such as the clan castle, town hall, monolith, multi target infernos, and scatter shots. Those defences are important because they are able to quickly take down the lalo if left standing. These are the basics and I will go into further detail later on. 

Lalo:
Take down the remaining defences. 

As you can tell with this, the queen does most of the work. That's because the queen charge is the most important part of the attack. If your queen goes down too early or goes the wrong way, it will be significantly more difficult to get the 3 star.

3. How to plan the attack

When planning the attack, you want to take a look at where you can send in your queen and what value will she get. Now the most important thing to remember, is that queen charging is stronger on certain bases and weaker on others. For example, ring bases and anti 2 star bases are very tough to queen charge. This is because the town hall is central, the important defences and surrounding the town hall, and most importantly, it's harder to bring the queen on the inside because of the base's natural tendency to walk around the core. That being said, there are still methods that you can use to take these kinds of bases down which will be discussed in the intermediate step. The general approach is that your queen should take on the heaviest part of the base that will provide the most value and create good pathing. This is so that you can create a portion of the base that will be cut out which will allow your lalo to have nice, easy, and efficient pathing. Look for places your queen will walk, look for siege machine value, but most importantly, look for where the lalo will be pathing over.

4. Timing

The general rule of thumb is that the queen charge should take around half the attack (1 min 30 seconds). This is to allow the queen to set the proper pathing but also not be too late so that you will time fail. It's also important to note that during this time, you should also look for places in the base that you can snipe trash defences (cannons, archer towers, outer teslas, mortars) as this can cause your pathing to be off. The royal champion is good for this since she is able to target the trash defences and take them out very easily. But it's important to remember that she cannot be deployed too early nor too late. Too early, she dies and can't help out the lalo, too late and she won't take out enough buildings. 

## Intermediate

The intermediate section is designed to give you a deeper understanding of the strategy, specifically different components that will make or break the attack. This section will be a lot longer so each section will be split into multiple paragraphs. 

1. Queen Charge

The queen charge is by far the most important part of the attack. As mentioned before, if your queen dies or goes the wrong way the whole attack is over. But how can you insure a successful queen charge? There are a few ideas to keep in mind when queen charging any base. The most important is where do you want your queen to go. You always want to make sure at any moment in time, you are 100% sure that you know how the queen will respond. This is very important because the idea is that you control your queen through the base, rather than just dropping things and hoping she goes inside. The best way to insure this is to make sure that you properly funnel the queen into the base. Some things that are effective for funneling are: baby dragon, sneaky goblins, super barbarian, wizards, valks, king, and anything cheap that can effectively take down trash buildings. The biggest thing to keep in mind is that you have to set the funnel on both sides of the queen to ensure that she goes straight in.

Once you know where the queen will go, you have to make sure she does in the base. That is why you need to bring a few super wall breakers. Reason being, they can easily one shot the wall, if they die they still get the wall taken down, and they have the hp to actually make it to the wall. I won't go into too much detail on how to properly use the super wall breakers, but you only want to send one at a time where you KNOW the queen will go towards. This is because if you open a wall compartment but she goes the wrong way, if you send another wall breaker it will not target that wall since it is now considered an "open compartment". Also you want to make sure that you placd down a single balloon aka. coco loon to set off any black air mines or red air bombs that will take out the healers.

Next, is the most important, the spells. The spells that you will usually bring into the attack are: 4 rage, 3 freeze, 1 invis, 1 haste/skeleton, and 1 poison. The exact numbers can be interchanged such as adding more invis or adding a recall instead of rage. The most important thing to remember with spells, is that it's better to be safe that sorry. Further along I will explain the different stages of the queen charge, but this is how the spell breakdown works. Rage usually more important to use on the healers rather than queen. This is because the healers will recieve an extra 180% healing which is completely replanish the queen's health. Not only that but the queen will also do significant more damage. Which will allow her to power through tough parts of the base and keep her at max health. Always make sure that you rage the queen AND her healers for maximum value. Another quick tip with the rage, is that if you know the queen is going to go into a high DPS area, you can pre-emptively place a rage in front of her so that when she gets to that area, both her and the healers are already raged up. With the freeze, you want to make sure that you use it to freeze multiple high DPS defences. This is especially good for stopping single target infernos, monoliths, eagle artillery, scattershots, multiple x-bows, town hall, and raged up defences. It's important to note that the freeze that it should be used if your rage isn't working/you've already used a rage in that area. Or if something is attacking the healers (multi inferno). It's also good for resetting the single inferno and allows monolith re-targetting. Another good use for it is to freeze the defending CC troops andn heroes if they are doing too much damage, which you can then supplement with a poison.
